[DOCS] Add Quick Start page (#40903)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/quick-start.asciidoc

[[quick-start]]
== Quick Start

One of the best ways to learn about Elasticsearch is to use it. This page walks
you through steps for running {es} and doing common tasks. By the end, you
should know how to:

* Add your data to {es}
* Run basic searches
* Update or delete data in {es}

Let's get started!

[float]
=== Install and run {es}

> 

Reviewer: This section reminds me a lot of https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elastic-stack-get-started/master/get-started-elastic-stack.html#install-elasticsearch

If you agree, perhaps we can combine the content and just re-use it in both places (e.g. via a tagged region).  I'm happy to help with that.

Author: That sounds great! I'll go ahead and add a tag to this section. I'll look into combining the two docs as part of another issue/PR.

you.
[float]
==== Provide a document ID

To index a document with a specific ID, use the PUT method with the
<<docs-index_, index API>>.

This example command adds a document with an ID of `1` to the `customer` index.
This command will also create the `customer` index if it doesn't already exist.

[source, js]
--------------------------------------------------
PUT /customer/_doc/1
{
    "firstname": "Amber",
    "lastname": "Duke",
    "age": 32,
    "employer": "Pyrami"
}
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE
// TESTSETUP

You can confirm {es} used your ID by checking the `\_id` field of the response.
Here's an example response, formatted to be more readable.

[source, js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "_index" : "customer",
  "_type" : "_doc",
  "_id" : "1",
  "_version" : 2,
  "result" : "updated",
  "_shards" : {
    "total" : 2,
    "successful" : 1,
    "failed" : 0
  },
  "_seq_no" : 1,
  "_primary_term" : 1
}
--------------------------------------------------
// TESTRESPONSE

[float]
==== Autogenerate a document ID

To add a document without providing an ID, use the POST method with the

> <<docs-index_, index API>>. {es} will automatically generate an ID for the

Reviewer: I generally try to avoid future tense, but it's not a hard rule.

```suggestion
<<docs-index_, index API>>. {es} automatically generates an ID for the
```

POST /customer/_doc
{
    "firstname": "Dale",
    "lastname": "Adams",
    "age": 48,
    "employer": "Geekfarm"
}
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE

{es} will provide the generated ID in `\_id` field of the response. Here's an
example response, formatted to be more readable.

[source, js]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "_index" : "customer",
  "_type" : "_doc",
  "_id" : "yDWh7WkBJ8uiWiWqEEaF",
  "_version" : 2,
  "result" : "updated",
  "_shards" : {
    "total" : 2,
    "successful" : 1,
    "failed" : 0
  },
  "_seq_no" : 1,
  "_primary_term" : 1
}
--------------------------------------------------
// TESTRESPONSE[s/yDWh7WkBJ8uiWiWqEEaF/$body._id/]

[float]
=== Run a search

Now that you have some documents stored in Elasticsearch, you can fetch
and search your data.

[float]
==== Get a document by ID

To get a document based on its ID, use the <<docs-get, get API>>.

This example returns the document with an ID of `1` in the
`customer` index.

[source, js]
--------------------------------------------------
GET /customer/_doc/1
--------------------------------------------------
// CONSOLE

[float]
==== URI search

> For simpler test searches, you can use {es}'s <<search-search, search API>>

Reviewer: I try to avoid modifiers on attributes, in case that causes translation problems later. Here's a suggestion:

```suggestion
For simpler test searches, you can use the {es} <<search-search, search API>>
```
